what's with the jeans we basically took
this wonderful device that we used for
our last and last time we attached
bought microphones and we use the
there's XLR inputs in here if you know
what those are and I know it just didn't
work that well I don't know what the
reason would be but it didn't work well
and so now we're using the built-in
directional microphones if you if you oh
but a lot of time has passed since our
last mom cast and we had the holidays
and we did a lot we came to Florida on
December 22nd and we've been here ever
since we're still in Florida we did the
holidays we did New Year's we traveled
we loved we lived we took dumps we
brownies and we're here
may we open presents so many things have
happened we drank we drank a lot at all
I'm still been drinking a lot been
drinking drank tonight
ah it's been really long time here's the
thing um you know with most things that
we we said that we were going to really
yeah the good mommies is that better oh
yeah that's better
what do you mean we gotta just hold it
like this yeah can we just hold it like
this yeah okay that's um but you know
yeah
anyways we we were supposed to do this
and we said we said we were gonna do
these more often because we had been we
know it's a new thing we want to do them
weekly
the point is life caught us by the balls
and wow it's interesting grabbed our
balls it pinched it pulled them down
really hard twisted them yeah twist to
them
but our balls are back and they're
freshly shorn
and they're high and tight and we have
so many stories and tales to tell you
let's just dig right in let's just
thrust ourselves into the Beast
I think addressing the fact that it's uh
you know we missed the holidays so first
of all Merry Christmas
and nothing else that's right number one
number one because it's the number one
holiday
we're not bullshitting about I mean yeah
we're loving people but let's face it
this is America and it's Christmas and
there's a big old Christmas tree in our
living room there's nothing else the
holiday tree my fucking house that's
right asshole
and also Happy Hanukkah
so I hope you had a good one yeah we did
i Tommy's family is very fun and normal
compared to it I live with my father was
in Colombia put it that way
Wow well it's also point out there my
family is highly dysfunctional and that
just goes to show you other levels of
this function that you know but by
comparison I consider when there's no no
drug addiction or plates of food being
thrown around it's Christmas it was
close so it's wonderful Christmas we
both had work yes in we had work for New
Year's
we brought our comedy stylings to two
different venues tell me about your
routine what kind of skits do you do in
your act Tommy are you in there
observations or what do you talk about
have you seen when you meet someone
who's terminally boring like on a plane
and then they tell you a banal story of
the time
there was toilet paper stuck to their
shoe and then they say something like
don't put that in your skit don't put
that in your skit like you would ever
put a story a stranger told you yeah I'm
not going to ask it they always do that
and they have you know the other one is
like after a show you know I mean after
show you're hanging out the club and
then there's always like the six people
that are not going home no matter what
even though everyone else is left and
then they started you know I get you
drink and you were like all right like
yeah you know like sure which is a big
mistake don't you don't do you let
anybody gave you a drink yeah because
you're working there and then they do
the you know Roger last week we're at
the bar over on 18th he told the guy I'm
not gonna I'm not gonna have no one
least until you bring out the cheesecake
there's that in your act now are you
gonna put that in your act now this guy
he's got a whole new new bit form unlike
no bucket I'm not gonna put it because
there was the worst story I've ever
heard yeah and and I don't want to ever
remember you ever again now now and what
are you gonna practice that bit by
you're gonna get on stage and you're
gonna say hey guys here's a story about
someone you don't know I met these four
pieces of shit I was missing teeth first
yeah and they didn't know when to leave
and they couldn't tell they don't pick
up on social cues so they didn't know
that I didn't want anything to do with
them and then they told me an awful
story want to hear it well they were
hanging out last week at a bar and then
the one guy wanted another drink but he
also wanted a hot dog yeah then the
story and then they all laugh Tom do you
realize how antisocial we are and how
misanthropic we are pretty bad people
are being honest with themselves they
hate other people wait one retirement
all right I'm I'm going okay so you went
to sorry I did I got to go from on the
30th oh my sister got Mary oh my god we
didn't you know yeah well I know but
still
congratulations yes Jim Murray and Jeff
they got married
was very wonderful thing was actually
one of those like I was expecting with
my family and people there things were
gonna go like there was gonna be some
type of destructive yes
fight or something not that we're a
bunch of hillbillies or anything I just
thought that something would go wrong
well something something of mine went
wrong I decided that I wanted to eat at
your sister's wedding and I was I was
wearing Spanx which for men don't know
it they're just girdles all right I
don't know why they call them Spanx are
girdles and I went in the bathroom I
took my girdle off I put it in my purse
I went out I was a little drunk
and the girdle fell out of my purse and
under the table and I left and the
girdle was found and thrown about and
and laughed at and people were making
fun of me for throwing my girl but the
best thing was that you you were not
gonna let life continue without that
girdle and you now know you put out look
I'm looking for this fucking girl and it
wasn't cheap it was not and I want it
back and goddamn it got it back
his cousin tried to steal it and I
snatched it out of her suitcase
that's a $75 girdle you know that Spanx
with an X s P a and X is 75 goddamn
dollars it's a lot of money for a girl
just for a fucking girdle
so anyway so you went to date wha I was
freezing the day to the D and I'll tell
you what's going on in the D holding the
D all right it's so cold in the D yeah I
don't know how the fuck we gonna be this
is a song yeah yeah it was uh it was
introduced to me by Joseph Rogan he's
played skits are funny Jesus he has some
wonderful skits
does he really smoke so does he really
do those things does he really like the
pot it's like no it's a whole fuckin Act
does he ultimate fight himself does he
actually like those fights No
he hates the fights wishes it was
cricket cricket went to the D I did two
shows I got to share a hotel room with
Jeff Tate because Jeff was doing an
arbor and who is your doppelganger bear
look-alike buddy you guys like my good
yes he was he was middling that week
that night even though he's super
hilarious and can headline it anywhere
he he was so he was like let's crash so
we party we went to Denny's three times
whatever and we do it yeah tell me that
he crazy bird it was next door and there
was nowhere to go but anyways I actually
had a really good time I did Joey's in
the D and you know I thought I was gonna
be way black or I thought I found out
like when I was like oh Detroit right
like you're not in Detroit man you're in
Livonia which is a suburb outside of the
you know some proper destroyed anyways
the shows were packed I did really I
upset two people a lot
one was I know this has ever happened to
you but it was after the second show
this woman comes up to me and she goes
oh do you sell t-shirts or anything and
I go no like I don't I don't have any
out and I don't have any she's like okay
and then I go oh but I do have I didn't
have him out yet I just got into the
table
yeah I had my CDs and I go I do have
this do have a CD and she goes oh yeah
why don't want one cuz you suck and I
was like I was like she said it like so
quickly and I thought she was like that
was like her joke and I go are you
serious right now cuz then she wasn't
looking at me yeah and I go are you
serious yeah she goes yeah you was
racist
I go I'm sorry and she was like you was
racist all that stuff about the Mexicans
yeah and then she was Mexican you know
well that's why she took offense because
she happened to be the one thing that
you mean yeah but I didn't it wasn't
like a racist thing that I said you know
these were just jokes and she did say
you was racist was conjugating improper
but I is not and I I his wanted to
listen was we be racist if we were
having a podcast on Martin Luther King
jr. Day we even didn't even say happy
birthday yeah I'm thinking really was
back to your point I don't mean to to
sidestep that but that is very annoying
it's very rude why did she even ask you
if you had merge if she was gonna shit
on you that was what she wanted she
thought she wanted she was so hurt by
what I had said yeah she wanted to hurt
me
yes her way of hurting me was saying do
you have anything what do you do I don't
want it cuz you suck yes it wasn't
really about me sucking it was about I
hurt her feelings she yes because she's
Mexican and I don't like I don't have
any taco material I don't talk about
that or chimichangas but I wasn't for
top of to you I wanted to offer that and
then the other thing I wanted to offer
her was Spanish lessons because my speak
fluent Spanish I don't know if you know
this listeners my husband speaks fluent
Spanish and good Spanish yeah perfect
it's pretty amazing and I kind of have a
you know it's kind of a path to talk
about of course yeah nobody thing I can
talk about any Hispanic my issues that
Mexicans care about like shipping
stabbing people parole I do not support
we baby you're saying right now it's
very opposed a to me what do you mean
it's offensive to no yours babe but I
understand you know what I had one guy
do to me once I was in Arizona and I had
a good set of I was headlining the show
and I did a I did a good job meaning the
crowd liked me which I don't know if
that means doing a good job but anyway
this guy came up to like all the other
comics and me they're all standing in
line and he shook everybody's hand and
then when he got to me totally ignoring
me and did it did it in a blatant
fashion as if to say nah bitch you don't
get my hand and he was a he was a black
gentleman okay let's put it out there
and he tried he's asked me and I don't
know if I offended him
I don't know what
that was but it kind of messes with you
because you remember that one person I
think gets in yours I think a lot of
funds to to like someone saying you know
like you were right like your race like
it's such a damning label to to throw
around and like I mean she's even get
like this woman like you know I made
some comment about well being white it's
fucking awesome and she took like don't
like to not pick up on the fact that I'm
not saying that seriously yes no I'm not
literally talking about yes and then
we're in charge and this is fucking yeah
the whole crowd gets that it's done
right jokingly like there's a sarcastic
tone right to the way facetious if you
will that's a big word
yeah but actually what I found
way more offensive than this woman and
that to be honest and not and I'm gonna
say this because she's Mexican but you
could tell by you know the way she spoke
and the what how she took offense this
was not a bright person brain right but
you know she's just not bright like
that's just who she is there's nothing
to do with her race she's just not
bright I didn't find that I didn't find
her comment as offensive because she
wasn't bright and I could tell yeah she
wasn't bright I'll tell you what I
thought more offensive was another
person that night another group was like
two or three these both shows were sold
out New Year's Eve is every time so
they're sitting there and I do this
thing and I was doing this bit about
midgets and I started off by saying
because there's New Year's Eve if I go
look I want to talk to you about
something and I did it a lot of times
I've closed shows on this or done it
towards the end I did this like 25
minutes in yeah because I'm bored sure a
bit so I want to do something different
well I don't know if you know this i
Comedy Central's airing I don't know a
little special Tom Segura is January
21st which hopefully this will be out oh
yeah I know tomorrow and the special
airs Friday I think well anyway so I
said and I and I
I took pleasure in saying this I said I
told him I don't like men just but I
said I understood that this is their
time of year where they get to work a
lot so we should which is true which is
true and a lot of people responded to
that in the room with chuckles because
because they know what I mean implying
that midgets work a lot there's a
jealous because there are elves
everywhere right well a woman yelled out
from the audience little people and I
said excuse me she goes they're not
midgets the little people I said no
they're midgets and you know why they're
midgets
she said why I said because I'm fucking
talking right now like this isn't like a
you know press conference it's not bingo
she's just you know I'm not you know I'm
not asking you yeah and so then what she
did was I did the bit more aggressively
than I normally would because it was
done as a fuck you at that point that
woman and then what she did was from
that point on and I've been to shows
like this I've been a part of shows like
this and I've seen shows like this stuff
from an audience member she decided to
talk at her table as her own her way of
voting that she doesn't like to show
yeah
which is so much more offensive because
that's somebody's saying my opinion my
taste
yes supersedes everybody else's yeah I'm
gonna ruin the show
well I'm like because I'm not enjoying
the show and I don't like what this
person said nobody else should enjoy the
show either right and instead of just
getting up and leaving because that's
what you can do if you don't like
content on television guess what turn
the channel if you don't like the comic
that you probably didn't research before
you went out which is lunacy to begin
with nobody nobody goes to a movie
saying yeah you don't go to a movie
theater and go oh what's at eight
o'clock I don't give a shit I'm just
gonna watch any movie no no you listen
if you go to a comedy club look at the
website see who's there watch their
clips if you know if you find them
offensive don't fucking go to this show
just stay home
actually when I'm home and watch two and
a Half Men and laugh at that I'm most
excited about
the special yeah is is taking I'm gonna
take the most offensive eclipse yeah and
you tell all my future bookings like
show this clip yes you know I mean like
play this clip at your club so that
whoever comes already knows like it's
not what's yeah it's not gonna be like
balloons are crazy because they fly high
yeah so anyways but it's so I get it's
unbelievably like narcissistic to - I
mean that's it's the equivalent of being
in a movie theater psych the movie
scenario and a couple scenes unfold you
hate them you don't like there you go I
can't believe this fucking movie and
then you start talking you start talking
like at full volume so that nobody else
can to listen to the movie yes and so I
had to multiple times be like hey you
know talk to that and they wasn't very
police room but it was her way in this
tables way of being like you know I
don't like this guy and so instead of
just sitting here saying we don't -
laughs I'm not saying you have to laugh
ever alright but her way of dealing with
it was just I'm just gonna talk we're
talking I've had I had a woman and do
that to me in Atlanta she just decided
in the first five minutes of my set that
she wasn't into me which is fine you
don't have to like me and she just was
drunk and belligerent and at her table
decided to just start a conversation I
don't like the fat bitch that's that's
what I that's what I apparently she was
saying and she held on conversations and
eventually they kicked her out but it's
just so rude you know and I get it I
don't I don't like every comedian out
there either but again do your research
don't don't just show up blindly and you
know and if you're real vanilla person
don't go to Late Show don't do not go to
a comedy club it's ten o'clock because
you're gonna be F bomb as you know it's
the only like crazy the only art form
for me where somebody got like it's the
equivalent of a place saying it says you
know music yeah yeah movies on the wall
let's just go watch any whatever
yeah Oh smelled garlic right listen I
was taught to talk about people I hate
anymore okay but okay how was you were
in San Francisco in San Francisco the
flight getting there I was hellish
because it was days after the storms and
I'm sure if you were flying around after
Christmas you wanted to kill yourself as
much as I did but it was fun it was it
was very easy it was at the Palace of
Fine Arts and I was expecting to have a
lot of like old you know like fagelah
couples lezzies and you know cool like
young but it was they were cool they
were like older couples which was very
surprising and they weren't as liberal
as I was worried they'd be I'm always
weary of San Francisco I went to college
there and I know how liberal that town
is and humor tends to not be very how do
we say that like politically correct
like you're not funny if you're if
you're politically correct as far as I'm
concerned that's a that's a politically
correct
it's very PC but they were cool and I
had a good time I was very happy to come
home and sleep because I hadn't slept
but it was it was good I had fun I had a
good it was every New Year's I had a
great yeah it was really it was good
shows like Nick Thune Lori Kyle Martin
the skull are brothers we're really cool
and Charlie knee and I think that's it
oh and Shane Mountain Mouse myself a
mall famous all right I thought it was
Shane I've never met you I thought you
did an excellent job it was very good
and it's very good Christina's saying
Shane mouths me house because she's met
you I have if she's incorrect and I'm
correct which I suspect that I am how
dare you it's just because I'm smarter
wait but then can we talk about weights
when we came back ten years we came back
to Florida why you asked because we were
going on a mommy cruise that's right
there's a cruise coming but we had seven
days between eight days we did do a
couple local shows
and then it had a great time we did what
st. Lucy we did Mickey Finn's yeah that
was better than I expected
yeah that's it that's like a you know a
fun bar and KC pro ski runs that and and
we had a great time doing that I think
it's every Wednesday night in Port st.
Lucie yeah and there's a fun open mic
after that there are easy like that's
actually they've been like there is what
open mics should be yes which is that
you'll see some talented people come up
write some stuff but you need every open
mic needs like questionably like you
know mentally yeah
challenge not like retarded but like
just people who you're like wow what
level of medication right
are they on or are they threat are they
a danger yes is this room right now
crazy or creative there was this guy in
LA when Tommy Tommy and I met in Los
Angeles at a place called the CAD Club
on Sunset Boulevard back in when do we
meet ode to and at the time there was
this comedian named Matt crass who will
always close out the shows I had tons of
friends and Matt crafts would get so
hammered you remember Tommy the guy will
be and he looked he was a blond shaggy
he looked borderline homeless like he
may have been he may have slept in the
alley it would always be fun because it
was always a slow when yeah but he would
be like coherent yeah he's a nice guy
right but then there'd be like you know
11 comics on then you would see him
whenever like now right and then you
could see him stumbling get in his last
whiskey he's like what's up fucking
faggot yeah
whoa yeah he was completely hammered and
of course it was always better if he was
more and more it was the best well the
beauty of Matt crass is that he would
open his opener will be like that's such
a flaming hot dump you know when you
take a Hyde
shit and it spurts all over the tile and
you throw up in your shit and you're
like this is awesome where is he gonna
go you're gonna go and it is still
always somewhere where is Matt crass now
that's why he also saying he was in a he
was in a band shot he was yeah he was in
a band a lot of his band mates come to
those shows so we did that and then we
also did in Boca we did the Funky Buddha
yeah that was which was
fan-fucking-tastic yes and it's what you
like you want comedy then I wish more
clubs we're like the funky I agree Funky
Buddha it just has you know it's like
more of a music venue but it's you know
it's small its intimate it's got the
high stage but you know they don't
they're not forcing comedy upon people
when they do their comedy shows they're
advertising it and they're you know
they're charging something's those
people that are paying but they're not
charging a lot and they just had a full
room of people that want to see a show
and it's a cool vibe it's not like a
shitty stifling you know it's not too
bright it's not too dark it was like it
would cool it's like an opium pipes and
you know there's like paintings of girls
titties out it was cool guys that run it
and they have like you know really cool
great beers it was fun man yeah had a
great time fuck you bros so after that
we are time off here we did a couple
shows then we went on a cruise choo-choo
it doesn't go
oh it smells goddamn it Tommy
goddamnit yeah oh damn it well you did
it to linger because I drank that vomit
vomit
that's soup Tom my husband ordered soup
that actually tasted like vomit and
everybody agreed at the table and look
it was like spinach with egg
it was so foul well please can we talk
about they don't want to hear about your
fucking dumb soup come on
I know so we went to my parents invited
us and so it was just Christina and I
and my parents and thankfully we didn't
all share really good and we had had a
great time there was some things that
one of the things we went on this
learner hall in America it's very nice
it was it was astounding I've been on a
few cruises before that this was the
oldest that's the oldest people ever I
know you associate maybe it cruises you
go yeah well people go on that but if
you've been on other cruises before
which I'm sure you know obviously many
people have I mean like to break down
the cruise lines there's Carnival is
like party cruise that's where you go if
you just want to like drink and party
and you know just it's cheaper to yes
cheaper yeah and then you know you go up
from there and there's you know Royal
Caribbean has some really nice stuff and
you can you know you can definitely pay
a premium to do that or you can save
money by like staying in one of their
inside cabins but they have some really
nice ships and then you get to like like
you know celebrity and princess which
usually has a big mix and haul in
America
I've never been on but this shit was a I
mean it was a retirement cruise so many
oxygen tanks determined that this was a
lot of people's last cruise like they
were they were never gonna cruise again
no and there there are people that would
take naps and you almost look like you
didn't know if they were ever gonna wake
up and then this is something like if
you've been on a cruise ship before
you'll know how crazy this is when I
tell you we would go at night sometimes
you know we were not crazy parties but
we would go like oh hey let's go up to
the to the deck up on the like the pool
deck there and let's get a drink and the
pool deck would be the light oh I know
it would be completely empty and the bar
would be closed so we'd be like are
there any bars and they're like yeah
there's another bar on the deck up there
up top and you go and there's a bar
there and we'd be like can we get a
drink like we're closed closed at 11:30
mid not closed on a cruise ship so that
just shows you like if you've been on
other cruise ships it's not unusual to
have all of these places open at 4
o'clock in the morning okay well but on
the other hand Tom and I prefer old
people because number one they don't
make small talk there's not gonna be a
lot of idle chitchat number two they are
cleared out by 10:00 p.m. yeah yeah
ships yourself here's the other thing
yeah we realized that we are 85 years
old because it was absolutely fuckin
heaven yeah
to be on this ship that's great and and
the other thing is you know the worst
part about like any any type of vacation
we're talking about a large number of
people are like lines and stuff well
guess what when you're nearly dead you
don't feel like going to a lot of the
options on a trip so there were a lot of
people anywhere anytime we wanted to do
anything there was there was nobody
there
awesome yeah so there's no lines like
one of the worst parts about a lot of
cruises is getting off the ship when you
go when you pour it so you know you you
you pull up to like whatever or st.
Maarten
and then you there's a line up like five
decks like everybody is trying to get
off here like shit man this is gonna
suck that didn't even come close to
existing because most these people just
stayed in their cab not all in America
well we did go to Caribbean we should
let them know that yeah but the best
part the best part of Holland America is
the terrified Indonesian staff who if
you give them any less than a perfect
rating on the little score card that you
fill out your comment card on the way
out they pretty much get caned and
thrown off the ship so they're always
terrified of you and they're all we've
determined pretty much homosexual school
they kill me so cute and a lot of them
in our opinion were very feminine very
Fey and probably homosexual because
let's face it back home yeah they can't
be open and they were probably having a
really good time with each other I'm
hoping they don't have much time off
they're doing those guys this whole
bullshit about I work on a cruise ship
because I get to see the world that's
all because first of all if you don't
know this it might be kind of alarming
to you they get absolutely zero days off
literally you can no days off you work
seven days a week
usually most these people were on a ten
month contract so for ten months ten
consecutive months you work every day
yeah most you get like a few hours off
okay so what these guys are doing these
Indonesian Filipino people yeah and we
met in a
alarming amount who seemed at least to
be gay yes they're going on this thing
so where they can be gay and not oh I
don't want to die but I want to do this
and then you can you can use the guise
of like no I want to see the world you
don't get to see the world you're
fucking doing laundry and scrubbing
toilets you get to clean out our suite
that's full of breakfast remnants and
and panties on the floor big swing and
our base and dirty socks that that's
what that's what tuck and why he'd get
to do on there and they're staffing jobs
which Myka is very sweet here's
something else we love that we
discovered we like bingo oh shit yeah we
like bingo just like a couple of sexy
legs oh that's the best thing my
favorite one yeah no my least favorite
one where he goes not so sweet 17 no I
said I don't like that one it sounds
perverted alien 44 all the fours yes I
didn't hear that
here's the granddaddy Oh 75 that one's
fine and he did not like us the
announcer was from Australia and he wore
pink shirts every day okay and he did
not like us we were persistent players
we were diligent Tom would run his
finger along run my thumb along the
numbers twice to make sure I don't miss
one so what he calls out mango Oh 63 I
run my thumb along the oh column twice
to assure I do or do not have said
number that's right I have my own bingo
strategies now here's the big sham of
bingo is that nobody wins they claim in
a high pot these motherfuckers let's
just let's play let's tell you
something about bingo okay bingo this is
the way most of the ships do it they
play bingo every day and they have a
jackpot that builds and usually nobody
will win for the first five - almost
seven days of a seven-day cruise and
then they take that lump sum of money
and they play until somebody wins in the
seventh day so in last day somebody's
leaving the fucking bingo game like six
seven eight nine ten grand right so
you're actually even with real like
that's a good amount of money to win for
a fucking bingo game here's where they
played on this cruise they had you play
like four games the first game people
play till you win but it's for like a
hundred bucks and then two hundred and
three hundred and then they go okay now
we're playing the big jackpot game it's
for thirty forty and it eventually was a
hundred grand on last day it's you're
like wow a hundred grand y'all excited
yeah it's four you have to win the game
you have to do that cover your board in
46 balls which is absolutely absurd it
is right that means that it's impossible
it's basically it's close to impossible
I mean we when I said does anyone ever
win this he's like I heard about a
cruise it was like wait you've heard
about somebody winning yeah you call
this shit every week on this boat you've
never known oh I heard about it one time
a guy that I met at a bar in San Juan
told me about another ship where there
was a guy who said I mean come along
whatever it's so it's so fun to dream
and those guys weren't cool they tell us
the fucking password for the next day
and them again they're like oh that was
for the morning game hey motherfucker
you didn't say there was a morning game
yeah he lied they switched the schedule
on you and then you think it's four
o'clock bingo it's actually three
o'clock you fucking cocksuckers that's
right
listen we also came up with a really new
marketing idea for the cruise ships I
kind of I'm reluctant to put it out
there cuz I don't want
but I know what you mean you know what I
think great ideas you shouldn't hold on
to so anyways we'll just you know what
let's put it out there in the world and
if the universe approves it'll just come
back to us we'll make our Millions
that's true alright here's what it is
okay we are going to start our own
cruise line mm-hmm called your last
Christmas and what it is is it's a
cruise line that caters to those that
wanna that are ready to go to the other
side it cruise to the other side if you
will and and a lot of them we saw yeah
we're not our inspiration was this group
and it's for those are like you know
what there's not a lot of living to do
but I want to I want to live large I
want to go out yeah so when you get on
the ship first thing we do is we ship
you yeah you first singing you check in
and get your bag of heroin
you get like a gallon well what's a good
size bag of heroin maybe a trash bag of
heroin
but you get heroin your coke crack pills
pills
oxycontin viagra you need the viagra
because there's lots of hookers right
percocets yeah you get crystal meth yeah
you get like a it's not but you get like
a like a backpack with all the different
pouches and it's like needles and stuff
and no condoms there's no screws in your
last cruise you get you get a stripper
and a few hookers and they walk you to
your room and you just start doing all
these drugs and start you start banging
your hooker and you're strippers they're
just like you know what I'm gonna hook
Deuce and then you got two ogres and and
it's just a week long wait and you get
AIDS because who cares yeah we only take
hookers and so you know there's AIDS is
just flowing all over are you drinking
because they're strippers and kick that
in booking this trip because they're
AIDS we want to give them work and
herpes you just get it and whenever you
say I think I got something there's a
nurse that comes by and it goes yep you
got it go fuck yourself and they don't
give you an
and then so we do that for a whole week
there's there's we only endorse binge
eating things basically you you see will
you up to a buffet table and you in and
then you just vomit in a bucket that's
between like on the side so you can do
it while you're getting a blowjob if you
want and yeah and you can shoot anywhere
yeah anyway on the decks in the pool you
can smoke throw your cigarette just at
somebody right and the whole point is we
know you're gonna die so do the shit you
wish you could do all the time the only
rule is no raping no that's the only I
think right I mean are there any limits
to what you can do on your last cruise
well we went a little decorum right some
no rape no rape I mean what other crime
against humanity is there would say no
stealing but it doesn't matter gives a
shit at your last cruise that's good you
should steal for everybody yeah that is
you can't handle the staff no murderer
no murderer until unless is sanctioned
by the staff who's been given the right
to murder you at the end of the couch
you just go on sorry oh oh it's okay the
last the last day the last day what they
do is after you at your ports and you
they take you to like really rough poor
it's just Bangkok Sri Lanka they take
you out to the middle of the ocean and
there's a big you know the big party on
deck like a lot of times they'll have
like a like a chocolate decadence party
this is the the last cruise send-off
farewell party
so there's bands and there's strippers
and there's there's you know there's
goose liver pat fireworks going off and
they have a big party and then they set
up the plank right and and then
everybody that sign up for your last
cruise goes out on the plank no on the
catapult right that there's a catapult
there yeah and and then every person
gets catapulted out to sea
drunk and high and and they do it like a
shark-infested job and with every person
that goes off the Ray
so they catapults you out to sea and
when they sing and dance and then the
staff just goes back and picks up the
nose group but the staff member gets
AIDS
no the staff has AIDS - oh well maybe
you have AIDS before you listen I don't
want to be like discriminatory just
telling they just have AIDS
no but they can't have that's the best
part about our crews if you have some
ailment yeah when I kind of criminate if
you are a heroin addict well if you do
have AIDS
you know yeah whatever but I mean I
don't want people to feel like we're
just going man like yeah a lot of people
on this ship are gonna have eight but
they're gonna have a lot of shit they're
having a lot of problems do you know
like they're gonna have every STD people
with diabetes Oh PS PS if if you the
bola
everyone says you eat a lot on a cruise
not not on Holland America because when
I saw morbidly obese people wheeling
themselves around I stopped eating and
we saw so many wildebeests hulking
beasts of human beings sea pigs if you
will and just freaking the human body is
not meant to carry 500 pounds of weight
and be wheeled around on a rascal and
parked next to a swimming pool so that
you can throw fries into your disgusting
gobbler and it was pretty heinous
I tell you what I tell you what I tell
you what when I came back from the
cruise and I says to him I says Luke I
feel younger I feel thinner and I feel
happier comparing myself to these
hideous people all week long yeah and
I'm no elitist but I will say that I
feel much better about myself after this
cruise yeah
so there's that then we yeah oh so the
last cruise anyways we're looking for
investors anybody wants to invest a lot
of money my soccer Berg can build us so
speaking of mark I was about to say that
uh we're a little behind but we did see
we finally saw the social network about
about the Facebook and really good movie
I loved it I mean I'm totally into Mark
Zuckerberg now I thought he'd be a total
how long makes we loved him but I I
admire the guy's tenacity I admire his
antisocial behavior I admire the fact
that he was smart enough to do something
you know when those two Winkle Berg kids
or whatever he didn't steal it from them
you know they had the germ of the idea
but he really did all the programming
are you yawning during my fucking
podcast no it just sniffed I can't
believe you just yawned I here I am I'm
sharing a brilliant idea and you yawn
anyways I think he's fabulous and I I
like work as I could work on my huge fan
you do I do I befriended him today on on
the Facebook you did I did I did I
you can only like him because he's so
famous that you can't you can't actually
be his friend how much how many likes is
you have like 58 million
eleventy billion no I don't remember
maybe 58 thousand I think should be more
than that I think it's amazing he's a
billionaire where he's like the youngest
laner yeah that's the part that
impresses you he's billions no I like
that he doesn't give a shit about money
that's even more impressive that
actually is I saw a little thing on TV
where he lives in like this two-bedroom
home and drives a hybrid
yeah you know I don't know it was just
like what dude you're you're not fucking
out on yachts and shit no you know what
though I mean I knew a lot of guys like
him in college that were just super
smart and they just don't know how to be
social they don't know how to be with
other people and I think that's Mark
Zuckerberg it's a smart guy doesn't know
how to be a decent person necessarily he
did screw his buddy
out of Eduardo yeah that's not cool I
don't condone that I know but the film
what you know like you have to imagine
when you watch it
obviously that things are heightened and
exaggerated and even maybe inaccurate as
far as how it really happened for the
sake of entertainment yeah but the film
was really well done I mean the
architecture I think directed it and
really liked great actors I really liked
it
can I tell you what I notice watching
the second time I'm on the TV is that
the music is super creepy and cool and I
looked and it's Trent Reznor Reznor yeah
which where the fuck is that guy Ben
that's a lot of people are saying but I
think he was nominated for that that was
cool you know I never liked Nine Inch
Nails I just thought I thought Trent
Reznor was such a crybaby like Hughes I
was goth and all that but he was really
too much of a crybaby for me but you
know he lived in the old Charles Manson
murder house Trent Reznor know he
recorded some album there been to that
house I've been there I've been there
for a lunch once many years ago that's a
different story
well I just watched that movie and I was
like holy shit I'm so dumb yeah that's
really the sentiment that I got it was
not just in the film but just knowing
the real-life like yeah no I mean I'm
already pretty well aware of like my
shortcomings when it comes to you know
school I never was a great student like
you know these people are at Harvard and
you're like yeah there's really smart
people but then when you're like seeing
them come up you know this kid just
knows code yeah he's no his computer
code and he's just like I just fucking
put it up up just type in oh dear
there's a website can I have fucking 20
billion dollars yeah
like Jesus what am i fucking doing
here's a part makes you really want to
kill yourself as he was born in like
1984 like I was pretty much a person by
1984 I was it's retarded and to think
that I actually studied something as
stupid as philosophy when I should have
been studying goddamn HTML or Java or
javelina when I remember when I was a
kid when they were doing like like they
were like computer thinks computing yeah
I'm doing they're like this computer
course I was like that shit just sounds
hard I don't want anything to fucking do
with that here's a little side note by
the way if you're a fan of that at the
end of the movie the there's a little
thing that comes up that's like you know
font that across the screen that says
you know he settled this case with the
the Winklevoss twins and then Eduardo
and him whatever settled a case and then
it said said that that Facebook is has a
twenty five billion dollar valuation
well if you keep up in the news golden
Sachs invested some money last week and
they gave Facebook a 50 billion dollar
dog so just from the time that the film
has ended to black this current week
January 18th were at 17th they doubled
the valuation Facebook which is pretty
ridiculous and an extraordinary amount
of money and he is the world's youngest
billionaire and such a loser fuck was I
doing you know what I was doing when I
was his age I was smoking a lot of pot
mm-hmm I was smoking cigarettes I was
drinking a lot and I was reading
philosophy books and sitting in my dorm
room thinking great thoughts and I
should have been goddamned programming
guys to like a mr. LeBlanc oh so stupid
anything else I should have done
so much failure in my life what's your
do you ever regret a big regret
seriously I mean I have I have a number
of them I mean I always regret looking
back now I regret with Mike how how
little I applied myself in a number of
things like when I was younger like I
always wonder like what the of course my
life would have taken if I had tried
more it was such a lazy student right
then when I got to college I realized
that um you know that I was just I just
been lazy like when I applied myself
actually was that's the thing you figure
out when you're older you go oh wait no
all I had to do was sit down and like
really try and just focus and then you
can figure map out you can figure out
figure out a lot of things yes okay I
didn't try that for a depressing to
think about your shortcomings your
failures I know I should have done
better on the SAT that's my main thing I
only got like eat something I was
borderline retarded surprising no I'm so
stupid at serious Jesus you know that
one time boy I'm so retired I didn't
even break 902 Brian well cuz my mash
Marty always too well after I got into
college I got smart but high school was
miserable
do you know I scores like all my score
was verbal and then I scored like three
something in that stupid GPA was there
like I think we think you're retarded
and then and then I took the SATs and
just I never studied support and just do
the prep things I didn't do great but I
got I got a ten thirty years better than
me and they were just like you're like
you're not retarded right I was like I
was like maybe I said if I study now oh
you know cuz you can take it again and
oh yeah you're two scores I studied and
I took it again and I got a lower score
yes you guessed right a bunch the first
time should I just well I took the LSAT
to get into law school because I went to
law school for two whole weeks
and I did I didn't do stellar but I did
slightly above-average yeah I did you
know Abby I guess yeah this is
depressingly know what's called reality
Tom is that are you seriously sad don't
be sad don't be sad because you're just
you know life goes on you're gonna
scratch your nuts you're gonna take
another dump and life will go on life is
nothing but dump some nut scratches for
you thanks babe
mm-hmm what's more exact about doing
expressionist no well Mark Zuckerberg
has five girls
he pays to scratch his nuts probably
bash like he doesn't know he does he's
tutoring can I tell you I took a dump
today
in Tommy's sister's bathroom and I
didn't tell her and it was such a huge
one it was like a footlong it was a
massive dump and I clogged her toilet
and I was really excited about it can I
tell you that I plunged it yeah did you
see anything no I didn't see dumps oh my
god I did it did clog I can't see whose
thing I'm clogged a lot of toilets but
there's there's something about clogging
a toilet with shit versus paper that
really is an accomplished right it
really is something cuz I probably lot
of toilet paper is from wiping a lot
it's not the same you're just going oh
I'm just I'm using too much paper this
thing only has as much capacity when you
clogged with shit you really need to
feel good about it and you know what I
feel good about myself even though I
barely broke eight hundred on my SATs
because you took that shit today it's
right and you know something else
you think Mark Zuckerberg took a big
shit like that today and clogged up his
sister-in-laws toilet I don't think so I
don't think so either and he's not
married he's not married no so that
right there he's already behind you what
a loser that guy is single loser douche
I took a couple good kids took a big
shit this morning you did yeah you snuck
away I didn't even know we went to them
for the market remember wasn't that oh I
love when Tommy
shit in public because it's not his me I
prefer it I actually prefer shitting in
public because I think it's so
unladylike and I love horrifying other
women it gives me a sense of joy Tommy
doesn't like to because he makes huge
dumps and it's offensive to the world
but today he had to do it in the grocery
store and I love it I love it did you
get squeamish you get scared no I used
to but I'm starting to really take
control of who I am and your aha moment
you I've had my aha moment tells me you
know what I used to be like I used to be
like I'll wait till I get home or you
know but now I just know what I gotta
take a shit and then I sit somewhere and
I shit proudly and I almost want
somebody to be like AIDS is occupied and
I'll be like X I'm taking a shit now
write that in your oprah journal journal
it and I knew that when I had the shit I
think you should own it you know I was I
am i deaf sister today and I won't tell
you the particular but we were talking
about shitting and she refer to them as
bowel movements with other particulars
well let's just say I think that's a
little lame you know if you're willing
to talk about sex if you're willing to
talk about life and love you should be
willing to talk about dumps and I don't
know why women are not encouraged to
discuss their bowel movements I think
it's a part of life and it's very
natural and you should be proud of your
brown thank you that's a great I think
that's how we should kind of sum up this
I'm tired
you're tired yeah well I love all the
podcast listeners yes and we're on now
you probably know but we're on iTunes
now search for your mom's house your mom
cast on iTunes please tell your friends
and we will be much more consistent now
that we're getting back in the
and we're done with our hiatus yeah
peace dogs